sale_line_option/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Sale Line Option
================

This module provide an options system for sale order line.


Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* set bill of material for products which have options

.. figure:: static/description/bom.png
   :alt: Bom settings
   :width: 800 px


.. figure:: sale_line_option/static/description/bom.png
   :alt: Bom settings
   :width: 800 px

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* add a sale order line in a sale order
* choose an option

.. figure:: static/description/sale_line.png
   :alt: Sale line with options: no default option when Default Quantity is 0
   :width: 800 px

.. figure:: sale_line_option/static/description/sale_line.png
   :alt: Sale line with options: no default option when Default Quantity is 0
   :width: 800 px


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/8.0

* sale confirmation of produceable products adjust components to consume with choosen
  options and not with original bill of materials content.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Products which are not manufactured from sale are not managed at this time
  by this module


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/167/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Valentin Chemiere <valentin.chemiere@akretion.com>
* David Béal <david.beal@akretion.com>


Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Akretion

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

Use product_qty instead of option_qty.
And set "1" as default value for Max Quantity.

sale_line_option/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

================
Sale Line Option
================

This module provide an option system for sale order lines.
The options are taken from a Bill Of Materials (BOM).

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* set bill of material for products which have options

.. figure:: static/description/bom.png
   :alt: Bom settings
   :width: 800 px


.. figure:: sale_line_option/static/description/bom.png
   :alt: Bom settings
   :width: 800 px

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* add a sale order line in a sale order
* choose an option

.. figure:: static/description/sale_line.png
   :alt: Sale line with options: no default option when Default Quantity is 0
   :width: 800 px

.. figure:: sale_line_option/static/description/sale_line.png
   :alt: Sale line with options: no default option when Default Quantity is 0
   :width: 800 px


.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/8.0

* sale confirmation of produceable products adjust components to consume with choosen
  options and not with original bill of materials content.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Products which are not manufactured from sale are not managed at this time
  by this module


Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/167/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Valentin Chemiere <valentin.chemiere@akretion.com>
* David Béal <david.beal@akretion.com>
* Raphaël Reverdy <raphael.reverdy@akretion.com>


Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Akretion

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
