sale_blanket_order/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============
Blanket Orders
==============

A blanket order is a pre-agreement to sell a certain number of quantities of
products at a specific price. From a confirmed blanket order, the users can
create new sale orders at such price, until the blanket order expires, either
due to reaching the validity date or exhausting all the quantities of products.

Usage
=====

A new menu in the Sale area is created, allowing users to create new blanket
orders.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/11.0



Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://odoo-community.org/logo.png>`_.

Contributors
------------

* André Pereira <github@andreparames.com> (https://www.acsone.eu/)

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Acsone SA/NV

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[ADD] planned orders to a blanket order
allows to add planned orders to a blanket order

sale_blanket_order/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-AGPL--3-blue.png
   :target: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

==============
Blanket Orders
==============

A blanket order is a pre-agreement to sell a certain number of quantities of
products at a specific price. From a confirmed blanket order, the users can
create new sale orders at such price, until the blanket order expires, either
due to reaching the validity date or exhausting all the quantities of products.
It is also possible to create a planned sale order for the blanket order to
automatically create a sell order on the planned date with the chosen quantity.

Usage
=====

A new menu in the Sale area is created, allowing users to create new blanket
orders.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/11.0



Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://odoo-community.org/logo.png>`_.

Contributors
------------

* André Pereira <github@andreparames.com> (https://www.acsone.eu/)
* Laurent Corron <laurent.corron@acsone.eu> (https://www.acsone.eu/)

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Funders
-------

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Acsone SA/NV

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
