sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute/README.rst, before:

=================================================
Store Attribute value sis Sales Order line fields
=================================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:282cc94438a593d67dfe6983d0d62a4837d8674472c36073d3bab673c3c0960a
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allows storing Product Attribute values in a custom sales order line field. This can be
useful to make easier reporting and data analysys on these attributes.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

1. Add a custom text field to Sales Order Line
2. Create an Attributes with Variants Creation Mode set to "Never"
3. In the Attribute, set the "Store In Field" with the custem text field created

Usage
=====

On a Sales Order Line, when selecting a Product with the configured Attribute, the
corresponding value will be copied in to custom text field. This also works for
attribute custom values.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Open Source Integrators

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Open Source Integrators <https://opensourceintegrators.com>`:

  * Daniel Reis <dreis@opensourceintegrators.com>
  * Nikul Chaudhary <nchaudhary@opensourceintegrators.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute: support Boolean fields

sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute/README.rst, after:

=================================================
Store Attribute value sis Sales Order line fields
=================================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:282cc94438a593d67dfe6983d0d62a4837d8674472c36073d3bab673c3c0960a
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Allows storing Product Attribute values in a custom sales order line field. This can be
useful to make easier reporting and data analysys on these attributes.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

1. Add a custom text field to Sales Order Line
2. Create an Attributes with Variants Creation Mode set to "Never"
3. In the Attribute, set the "Store In Field" with the custom text field created
4. Optionally, on the Attribute Values, set a specific "Store In Field Value"
   to use instead of the actual Attribute Value name.
   In particular this can be used to set Boolean values,
   where "0" or "False" sets a falsy value.

Usage
=====

On a Sales Order Line, when selecting a Product with the configured Attribute, the
corresponding value will be copied in to custom text field. This also works for
attribute custom values.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Open Source Integrators

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Open Source Integrators <https://opensourceintegrators.com>`:

  * Daniel Reis <dreis@opensourceintegrators.com>
  * Nikul Chaudhary <nchaudhary@opensourceintegrators.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_line_field_from_product_attribute>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
