sale_order_product_picker/README.rst, before:

=========================
Sale Order Product Picker
=========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6f27dd29e2022733d6dcc79b081f7f6059ee19847f7addd45ce3e910e3abdb1b
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_product_picker
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_order_product_picker
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a simply way for salesmen to create/update/delete lines of a sale
order.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

The default behavior is get last sales and last price from partner_id field,
but partner_delivery_address can be used by following these steps:

* Create user default value with field **use_delivery_address** of *sale.order*
  model with **true** value.
* Another option is extend view to show *use_delivery_address* field and allow that
  user select this option in each sale order.

The default behavior is to **display 40 records**, but it can be configured by
following these steps:

* Activate developer mode.
* Go to *Settings > Technical > Parameters > System Parameters*.
* Locate the setting with key
  **sale_order_product_picker.product_picker_limit**
  or create a new one if not exists.
* Set desired number of records

The default behavior is to display **qty_available**,
but it can be configured by following these steps:

* Activate developer mode.
* Go to *Settings > Technical > Parameters > System Parameters*.
* Locate the setting with key
  **sale_order_product_picker.product_available_field**
  or create a new one if not exists.
* Set desired availability field (**virtual_available**, **free_qty**)

When available field is **virtual_available** the default behavior is take into account
moves to commitment date or today at exactly time, but it can be configured by following
these steps:

* Activate developer mode.
* Go to *Settings > Technical > Parameters > System Parameters*.
* Locate the setting with key
  **sale_order_product_picker.product_virtual_available_time**
  or create a new one if not exists.
* Set desired time to be used in available quantities compute (Example: **23:59**)

**ATTENTION**: **product_virtual_available_time** is a technical parameter and the value must be set
in server timezone

Installation of this module sets *sale_planner_calendar.action_open_sale_order*
system parameter as **sale_order_product_picker.action_open_picker_views** to show
new picker view from sale calendar planner.

Usage
=====

#. Go to *Sales > Orders > Salesman Quotations*

   * Create or edit an order.
   * On page Picker you can search for products.
   * You can:
      * Add a line by clicking on +1 button.
      * Add/edit/delete a line by clicking the kanban card.
      * Show image on fullscreen by clicking it.

On next gif you can see the options mentioned:

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/sale-workflow/16.0/sale_order_product_picker/static/image/picker.gif
   :alt: Picker

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_order_product_picker%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Sergio Teruel
  * Carlos Dauden
  * Carlos Roca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_product_picker>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_order_product_picker: Changes to improve usability of +1
Added changes to make the button +1 faster. With these changes, what we
do is to store the changes to be made while pressing the +1 button. Each
time the button is pressed, the timer that will execute the writing of
the lines is reset. The time to write the pending lines is 1 sec by
default, but it can be increased using the system parameter
sale_order_product_picker.delay and the number of seconds to wait.

This relieves the server of unnecessary calls, since everything will be
written at the same time. And the user will not have the feeling of
slowness when writing on 3G networks.

sale_order_product_picker/README.rst, after:

=========================
Sale Order Product Picker
=========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:6f27dd29e2022733d6dcc79b081f7f6059ee19847f7addd45ce3e910e3abdb1b
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_product_picker
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_order_product_picker
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module adds a simply way for salesmen to create/update/delete lines of a sale
order.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

The default behavior is get last sales and last price from partner_id field,
but partner_delivery_address can be used by following these steps:

* Create user default value with field **use_delivery_address** of *sale.order*
  model with **true** value.
* Another option is extend view to show *use_delivery_address* field and allow that
  user select this option in each sale order.

The default behavior is to **display 40 records**, but it can be configured by
following these steps:

* Activate developer mode.
* Go to *Settings > Technical > Parameters > System Parameters*.
* Locate the setting with key
  **sale_order_product_picker.product_picker_limit**
  or create a new one if not exists.
* Set desired number of records

The default behavior is to display **qty_available**,
but it can be configured by following these steps:

* Activate developer mode.
* Go to *Settings > Technical > Parameters > System Parameters*.
* Locate the setting with key
  **sale_order_product_picker.product_available_field**
  or create a new one if not exists.
* Set desired availability field (**virtual_available**, **free_qty**)

When available field is **virtual_available** the default behavior is take into account
moves to commitment date or today at exactly time, but it can be configured by following
these steps:

* Activate developer mode.
* Go to *Settings > Technical > Parameters > System Parameters*.
* Locate the setting with key
  **sale_order_product_picker.product_virtual_available_time**
  or create a new one if not exists.
* Set desired time to be used in available quantities compute (Example: **23:59**)

**ATTENTION**: **product_virtual_available_time** is a technical parameter and the value must be set
in server timezone

Installation of this module sets *sale_planner_calendar.action_open_sale_order*
system parameter as **sale_order_product_picker.action_open_picker_views** to show
new picker view from sale calendar planner.

When the +1 button is used, the changes are added to a processing queue. By default, 
this queue is processed after one second, but this can be changed by using the system 
parameter **sale_order_product_picker.delay** and setting the number of seconds to 
wait before writing the lines.

Usage
=====

#. Go to *Sales > Orders > Salesman Quotations*

   * Create or edit an order.
   * On page Picker you can search for products.
   * You can:
      * Add a line by clicking on +1 button.
      * Add/edit/delete a line by clicking the kanban card.
      * Show image on fullscreen by clicking it.

On next gif you can see the options mentioned:

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OCA/sale-workflow/16.0/sale_order_product_picker/static/image/picker.gif
   :alt: Picker

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_order_product_picker%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Sergio Teruel
  * Carlos Dauden
  * Carlos Roca

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_product_picker>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
