sale_pricelist_triple_discount/README.rst, before:

==============================
Sale Pricelist Triple Discount
==============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:99b53eaa0b246682252f1f1046e58a81a9b6bc2485bb64bab8f09aa5efe0f118
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_pricelist_triple_discount
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_pricelist_triple_discount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows the user to specify all three discounts in the pricelist.
The specified discounts will be then present in the quotation and sale order lines.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Add discounts percentage value to pricelist items.

Usage
=====

#. Configure a pricelist item with the three discounts
#. Create a sale order and select the configured pricelist
#. Add a product in the sale order, matching a rule of the configured pricelist
#. Check that the three discounts defined on the pricelist item will populate the three discounts in the sale order line

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_pricelist_triple_discount%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Agile Business Group

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Rubino <simone.rubino@agilebg.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_pricelist_triple_discount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] sale_pricelist_triple_discount: Migration to 16.0

sale_pricelist_triple_discount/README.rst, after:

==============================
Sale Pricelist Triple Discount
==============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:62dd305432c77c119a1d7e92442b020fb62c3e7e62fbc1c34c99605f141becff
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_pricelist_triple_discount
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_pricelist_triple_discount
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows the user to specify all three discounts in the pricelist.
The specified discounts will be then present in the quotation and sale order lines.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Add discounts percentage value to pricelist rules.
The additional discounts are only visible for Discount and Formula Computation pricelist rules.

Usage
=====

#. Configure a pricelist with Discount Policy = Show public price & discount to the customer
#. Configure a pricelist rule with Discount or Formula Computation and the three discounts
#. Create a sale order and select the configured pricelist
#. Add a product in the sale order, matching a rule of the configured pricelist
#. Check that the three discounts defined on the pricelist item will populate the three discounts in the sale order line

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_pricelist_triple_discount%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Agile Business Group

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Simone Rubino <simone.rubino@agilebg.com>
* `Aion Tech <https://aiontech.company/>`_:

  * Simone Rubino <simone.rubino@aion-tech.it>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_pricelist_triple_discount>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
