sale_coupon_order_line_link/README.rst, before:

===========================
Link coupons to order lines
===========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--promotion-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/tree/13.0/sale_coupon_order_line_link
    :alt: OCA/sale-promotion
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-promotion-13-0/sale-promotion-13-0-sale_coupon_order_line_link
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/296/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a link in the sale order line to the program used in a discount, so
it can be easily tracked afterwards. Also eases the implementation of coupon modules
that don't necessarily use the discount product as product for the discount line.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_coupon_order_line_link%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * David Vidal

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-chienandalu| image:: https://github.com/chienandalu.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/chienandalu
    :alt: chienandalu

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-chienandalu| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-promotion <https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/tree/13.0/sale_coupon_order_line_link>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_coupon_order_line_link: link sale lines to rewards
Filter lines that are related to a reward: either they genereted it or
the reward is applied to them. For example:

- A promotion product domain could be: ("id", "=" product_a.id)
- The same promotion has a reward product B
- On a sale order with products A, B and C:

  - A reward line will be generated to discount B's amount and will be
    linked to the promotion.
  - Line A will have a link to the reward line as it was the condition
    for the promotion.
  - Line B will also have a link to the reward line as it's the line
    over which the discount is made.

TT31755

sale_coupon_order_line_link/README.rst, after:

===========================
Link coupons to order lines
===========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--promotion-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/tree/13.0/sale_coupon_order_line_link
    :alt: OCA/sale-promotion
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-promotion-13-0/sale-promotion-13-0-sale_coupon_order_line_link
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/296/13.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module adds a link in the sale order line to the program used in a discount, so
it can be easily tracked afterwards. Also eases the implementation of coupon modules
that don't necessarily use the discount product as product for the discount line.

It also links the reward lines to:
  - The order lines that generated them, so we can follow which order lines produced
    which discounts.
  - The order lines over which the reward is applied:
    
    - In a discount promo: the cheapest product, specific products or the whole order.
    - In a product promo: the product lines over which the reward is discounted.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Rename to `sale_coupon_traceability` in v14 as it fits better the broad features
  of the module.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_coupon_order_line_link%0Aversion:%2013.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * David Vidal

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-chienandalu| image:: https://github.com/chienandalu.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/chienandalu
    :alt: chienandalu

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-chienandalu| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-promotion <https://github.com/OCA/sale-promotion/tree/13.0/sale_coupon_order_line_link>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
