sale_tier_validation/README.rst, before:

====================
Sale Tier Validation
====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:ccba7ba5488f404d32fbff50dbf1c3f9c16eab25c1e6e4326ea85fe27baf03d1
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_tier_validation
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_tier_validation
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of Sale Orders to support a tier
validation process.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

This module depends on ``base_tier_validation``. You can find it at
`OCA/server-ux <https://github.com/OCA/server-ux>`__

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

1. Go to *Settings > Technical > Tier Validations > Tier Definition*.
2. Create as many tiers as you want for Sale Order model.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Create a Sale Order triggering at least one "Tier Definition".
2. Click on *Request Validation* button.
3. Under the tab *Reviews* have a look to pending reviews and their
   statuses.
4. Once all reviews are validated click on *Confirm Order*.

Additional features:

-  You can filter the SOs requesting your review through the filter
   *Needs my Review*.
-  User with rights to confirm the SO (validate all tiers that would be
   generated) can directly do the operation, this is, there is no need
   for her/him to request a validation.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  The sales order, when moved to the state sent, will still send the
   email even if the validation is not approved by the corresponding
   tier. Code to consider this particular case is not developed.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_tier_validation%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Open Source Integrators

Contributors
------------

-  Mayank Gosai <mgosai@opensourceintegrators.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Sergio Teruel

-  Tharathip Chaweewongphan <tharathipc@ecosoft.co.th>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_tier_validation>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_tier_validation: add the option for blocking sale order print

sale_tier_validation/README.rst, after:

====================
Sale Tier Validation
====================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:912a7cbbfc7a756ae58b843c5d5745aac9924ab08e025264e22b157d14f81c2d
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_tier_validation
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_tier_validation
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of Sale Orders to support a tier
validation process.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Installation
============

This module depends on ``base_tier_validation``. You can find it at
`OCA/server-ux <https://github.com/OCA/server-ux>`__

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

1. Go to *Settings > Technical > Tier Validations > Tier Definition*.
2. Create as many tiers as you want for Sale Order model.

If necessary, update the "Block Printing of Unvalidated Quotations"
under *Sales > Configuration > Settings* to block the printing of
quotation when the order has yet to be validated (disabled by default).

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Create a Sale Order triggering at least one "Tier Definition".
2. Click on *Request Validation* button.
3. Under the tab *Reviews* have a look to pending reviews and their
   statuses.
4. Once all reviews are validated click on *Confirm Order*.

Additional features:

-  You can filter the SOs requesting your review through the filter
   *Needs my Review*.
-  User with rights to confirm the SO (validate all tiers that would be
   generated) can directly do the operation, this is, there is no need
   for her/him to request a validation.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

-  The sales order, when moved to the state sent, will still send the
   email even if the validation is not approved by the corresponding
   tier. Code to consider this particular case is not developed.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_tier_validation%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Open Source Integrators

Contributors
------------

-  Mayank Gosai <mgosai@opensourceintegrators.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Sergio Teruel

-  Tharathip Chaweewongphan <tharathipc@ecosoft.co.th>
-  `Quartile <https://www.quartile.co>`__:

   -  Aung Ko Ko Lin

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_tier_validation>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
