sale_restricted_qty/README.rst, before:

=======================
Sale order min quantity
=======================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1c96b9ab4a5f52f04233a4d0d47e6c5b19d7871794cec15c15d9a8821109c2dc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/17.0/sale_restricted_qty
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-17-0/sale-workflow-17-0-sale_restricted_qty
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to define min, max and multiple order quantity on
product. Min and Max order quantity is either required or recommended.
If you check "Force min/max Qty" on product the min/max qty do not block
sale order. This can be used if the available stock is less then the min
qty or if you want to sell sample products. Max qty can be used if we
dont want to sale more than available qty (end of series product)

Settings are defined on product, if values are not set we use settings
from product template. If settings are not set on product template we
use settings from product category otherwise parent category.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

1. | Go to **Sales > Products > Product Variants** and Set "Min Sale
     Qty".
   | If you dont want block product sale if qty is less the "Min Sale
     Qty", check "Force Min Qty"

2. | Create a sale order and add a sale order line with this product and
     check
   | if Qty is less then "Min Qty" A message in displayed "Min Qty
     Required" Or "Min Qty Recommended". Check if Min qty is required
     you can't validate order.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_restricted_qty%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Mourad EL HADJ MIMOUN <mourad.elhadj.mimoune@akretion.com>
-  `Ooops <https://www.ooops404.com/>`__:

   -  Ashish Hirpara <https://ashish-hirpara.com>

-  `CorporateHub <https://corporatehub.eu/>`__

   -  Alexey Pelykh <alexey.pelykh@corphub.eu>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-ashishhirapara| image:: https://github.com/ashishhirapara.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/ashishhirapara
    :alt: ashishhirapara

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-ashishhirapara| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/17.0/sale_restricted_qty>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[IMP] sale_restricted_qty: UX

sale_restricted_qty/README.rst, after:

=====================================================
Sale order restricted quantity: min, max, multiple-of
=====================================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:1c96b9ab4a5f52f04233a4d0d47e6c5b19d7871794cec15c15d9a8821109c2dc
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/17.0/sale_restricted_qty
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-17-0/sale-workflow-17-0-sale_restricted_qty
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to set mininal, maximal, and multiple-of quantity
constraints on product categories and products, and to check and
optionally enforce these constraints on sale orders.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To set quantity constraints on a product: navigate to **Sales > Products
> Products**, open the product, and on the **Sales** tab in the **Qty
Constraints** section set corresponding values in the *Min Qty*, *Max
Qty*, or *Multiple-Of Qty* fields.

To set quantity constraints on a product variant: navigate to **Sales >
Products > Product Variants**, open the product variant, and on the
**Sales** tab in the **Qty Constraints** section set corresponding
values in the *Min Qty*, *Max Qty*, or *Multiple-Of Qty* fields.

To set quantity constraints on a product category: navigate to **Sales >
Configuration > Product Categories**, open the product category, and in
the **Sales Qty Constraints** section set corresponding values in the
*Min Qty*, *Max Qty*, or *Multiple-Of Qty* fields.

The settings are inherited from the product category to the product, and
from the product to the product variant. To override the inherited
settings, check the checkbox next to the corresponding value and set the
value in the product or product variant.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_restricted_qty%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Akretion

Contributors
------------

-  Mourad EL HADJ MIMOUN <mourad.elhadj.mimoune@akretion.com>
-  `Ooops <https://www.ooops404.com/>`__:

   -  Ashish Hirpara <https://ashish-hirpara.com>

-  `CorporateHub <https://corporatehub.eu/>`__

   -  Alexey Pelykh <alexey.pelykh@corphub.eu>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/17.0/sale_restricted_qty>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
