sale_stock_picking_blocking/README.rst, before:

===========================
Sale Stock Picking Blocking
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:c6a6265f8deed29fead297e6f309df9aae54435b6cbfa3184ec20b54c7320356
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_stock_picking_blocking
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_stock_picking_blocking
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of sales to allow you to block the
creation of deliveries from a sales order and give a reason.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to 'Sales > Configuration > Sales > Delivery Block Reason'.
#. Create the different reasons that can lead to block the deliveries of a
   sales order.
#. Add some users to the group 'Release Delivery Block in Sales Orders'.

Additionally, you can set a customer with a 'Default Delivery Block Reason'
policy to add that delivery block to his sales by default:

#. Go to 'Sales > Sales > Customers'.
#. In the 'Sales & Purchases' add a 'Default Delivery Block Reason'.
#. The 'Default Delivery Block Reason' will be added
   automatically when creating a new sales order for the customer.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Create a new sales order and provide a 'Delivery Block Reason'.
#. Confirm Sale (No delivery would be created).
#. Release Delivery Block when it is time to create the deliveries for
   the sales order.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_stock_picking_blocking%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Eficent

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@eficent.com>
* Sudhir Arya <sudhir@erpharbor.com>
* Julien Coux <julien.coux@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_stock_picking_blocking>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[16.0][IMP] sale_stock_picking_blocking: add blocking reason to payment terms

sale_stock_picking_blocking/README.rst, after:

===========================
Sale Stock Picking Blocking
===========================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:c6a6265f8deed29fead297e6f309df9aae54435b6cbfa3184ec20b54c7320356
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_stock_picking_blocking
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_stock_picking_blocking
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of sales to allow you to block the
creation of deliveries from a sales order and give a reason.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

#. Go to 'Sales > Configuration > Sales > Delivery Block Reason'.
#. Create the different reasons that can lead to block the deliveries of a
   sales order.
#. Add some users to the group 'Release Delivery Block in Sales Orders'.

Additionally, you can set a customer with a 'Default Delivery Block Reason'
policy to add that delivery block to his sales by default:

#. Go to 'Sales > Sales > Customers'.
#. In the 'Sales & Purchases' add a 'Default Delivery Block Reason'.
#. The 'Default Delivery Block Reason' will be added
   automatically when creating a new sales order for the customer.

You can also set a payment term with a 'Default Delivery Block Reason'
policy to add that delivery block to his sales by default (only if the
customer does not have one set), in a similar way to the customers:

#. Go to 'Invoicing > Configuration > Invoicing > Payment Terms'.
#. Add a 'Default Delivery Block Reason'.
#. The 'Default Delivery Block Reason' will be added
   automatically when creating a new sales order for the payment term,
   in case the customer does not have one.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Create a new sales order and provide a 'Delivery Block Reason'.
#. Confirm Sale (No delivery would be created).
#. Release Delivery Block when it is time to create the deliveries for
   the sales order.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_stock_picking_blocking%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* ForgeFlow

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
* Sudhir Arya <sudhir@erpharbor.com>
* Julien Coux <julien.coux@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_stock_picking_blocking>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
