sale_delivery_date/README.rst, before:

==================
Sale Delivery Date
==================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/14.0/sale_delivery_date
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-14-0/sale-workflow-14-0-sale_delivery_date
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Cutoff
------

Potpone order preparation by 1 day if it has been validated after
the partner or the warehouse cutoff.

This can be bypassed if commitment date is set.


Warehouse Calendar
------------------

Postpone delivery according to the warehouse calendar, if any.


Partner delivery window
-----------------------

Allows to define scheduling preference for delivery orders on customers,
in order to select possible delivery windows to postpone deliveries to.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this, you have to configure a few things:

- You may configure the cutoff by either:

  - setting the order cutoff preference to `warehouse_cutoff`,
    in order to use the warehouse cutoff.
  - setting the order cutoff preference to `partner_cutoff`,
    in order to use the partner cutoff.

- By default, customer's delivery window is set to `anytime` (default odoo behavior).
  It can also be set to `working days` or `time window`.
  If the latter is chosen, then time windows will have to be configured on the
  customer.

- By default, warehouse working hours aren't taken into account
  when computing the scheduled date. If you want to use this feature, just
  add a calendar on the warehouse, and enable the `apply cutoff` option.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The following modules (available in 13.0) has been merged into this module:
 - sale_warehouse_calendar
 - sale_cutoff_time_delivery
 - sale_partner_delivery_window
 - sale_partner_cutoff_delivery_window

The reason for that is that `sale_warehouse_calendar` overrides have to be
executed between `sale_cutoff_time_delivery` and `sale_partner_delivery_window`,
and there's no other clean way to do that.

However, there's still a few things to deal with:
 - Clean tests
 - Clean code
 - Use TZ where it is not the case
 - Use calendar instead of time windows when delivery preference is `working days`

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_delivery_date%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp SA

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
* Matthieu Méquignon <matthieu.mequignon@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-mmequignon| image:: https://github.com/mmequignon.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/mmequignon
    :alt: mmequignon

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-mmequignon| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/14.0/sale_delivery_date>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] sale_delivery_date: Downgrade to Alpha
For complying with maturity level of their dependency `partner_tz`.

sale_delivery_date/README.rst, after:

==================
Sale Delivery Date
==================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/14.0/sale_delivery_date
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-14-0/sale-workflow-14-0-sale_delivery_date
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

Cutoff
------

Potpone order preparation by 1 day if it has been validated after
the partner or the warehouse cutoff.

This can be bypassed if commitment date is set.


Warehouse Calendar
------------------

Postpone delivery according to the warehouse calendar, if any.


Partner delivery window
-----------------------

Allows to define scheduling preference for delivery orders on customers,
in order to select possible delivery windows to postpone deliveries to.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this, you have to configure a few things:

- You may configure the cutoff by either:

  - setting the order cutoff preference to `warehouse_cutoff`,
    in order to use the warehouse cutoff.
  - setting the order cutoff preference to `partner_cutoff`,
    in order to use the partner cutoff.

- By default, customer's delivery window is set to `anytime` (default odoo behavior).
  It can also be set to `working days` or `time window`.
  If the latter is chosen, then time windows will have to be configured on the
  customer.

- By default, warehouse working hours aren't taken into account
  when computing the scheduled date. If you want to use this feature, just
  add a calendar on the warehouse, and enable the `apply cutoff` option.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

The following modules (available in 13.0) has been merged into this module:
 - sale_warehouse_calendar
 - sale_cutoff_time_delivery
 - sale_partner_delivery_window
 - sale_partner_cutoff_delivery_window

The reason for that is that `sale_warehouse_calendar` overrides have to be
executed between `sale_cutoff_time_delivery` and `sale_partner_delivery_window`,
and there's no other clean way to do that.

However, there's still a few things to deal with:
 - Clean tests
 - Clean code
 - Use TZ where it is not the case
 - Use calendar instead of time windows when delivery preference is `working days`

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_delivery_date%0Aversion:%2014.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Camptocamp SA

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Akim Juillerat <akim.juillerat@camptocamp.com>
* Guewen Baconnier <guewen.baconnier@camptocamp.com>
* Simone Orsi <simahawk@gmail.com>
* Matthieu Méquignon <matthieu.mequignon@camptocamp.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-mmequignon| image:: https://github.com/mmequignon.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/mmequignon
    :alt: mmequignon

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-mmequignon| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/14.0/sale_delivery_date>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
