sale_check_preparation_time/README.rst, before:

===========================
Sale Check Preparation Time
===========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/12.0/sale_check_preparation_time
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-12-0/sale-workflow-12-0-sale_check_preparation_time
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to check preparation time of sale order

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Go to *Settings > Users & Companies > Companies*.
* Click on your company.
* In the General Information of your company, fill in the fields 'Order limit hour' and 'timezone'.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_check_preparation_time%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Chafique Delli

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/12.0/sale_check_preparation_time>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[ADD] tests in sale_check_preparation_time

sale_check_preparation_time/README.rst, after:

===========================
Sale Check Preparation Time
===========================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/12.0/sale_check_preparation_time
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-12-0/sale-workflow-12-0-sale_check_preparation_time
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows you to know if the time to prepare a sales order has been respected, based on an order limit time defined on the company.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

To configure this module, you need to:

* Go to *Settings > Users & Companies > Companies*.
* Click on your company.
* In the General Information of your company, fill in the fields 'Order limit hour' and 'Timezone'.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_check_preparation_time%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Chafique Delli

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/12.0/sale_check_preparation_time>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
