sale_order_product_assortment/README.rst, before:

=============================
Sale Order Product Assortment
=============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:409dcc2a325fa7f399ea4a65f102fe32354e6ea5f8a67fe05f79fd701fe85688
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/15.0/sale_order_product_assortment
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-15-0/sale-workflow-15-0-sale_order_product_assortment
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to use the product assortments related to a partner on sale orders.
Whith this implementation, we just allow to select the products defined on allowed list
and we don't allow to select the products defined on restricted list on sale orders.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Follow the steps of product_assortment module to define a list of allowed products or
restricted products or both to some partner.

You can use a system parameter to specify the partner field on sale orders
"sale_order_product_assortment.partner_field"

Usage
=====

#. Go to Sales > Orders > Quotations.
#. Create a new order.
#. Select one of the partners defined on product_assortment.
#. Add products defined on the product assortment.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Allow to use the domain field of the product_assortment for filter the allowed products of any partner.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_order_product_assortment%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Carlos Roca
  * Sergio Teruel

* `Ooops404 <https://www.ooops404.com>`_:

  * Ilyas

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-CarlosRoca13| image:: https://github.com/CarlosRoca13.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/CarlosRoca13
    :alt: CarlosRoca13

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-CarlosRoca13| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/15.0/sale_order_product_assortment>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[MIG] sale_order_product_assortment: Migration to 16.0
TT44355

sale_order_product_assortment/README.rst, after:

=============================
Sale Order Product Assortment
=============================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:409dcc2a325fa7f399ea4a65f102fe32354e6ea5f8a67fe05f79fd701fe85688
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_product_assortment
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_order_product_assortment
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module allows to use the product assortments related to a partner on sale orders.
Whith this implementation, we just allow to select the products defined on allowed list
and we don't allow to select the products defined on restricted list on sale orders.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

Follow the steps of product_assortment module to define a list of allowed products or
restricted products or both to some partner.

You can use a system parameter to specify the partner field on sale orders
"sale_order_product_assortment.partner_field"

Usage
=====

#. Go to Sales > Orders > Quotations.
#. Create a new order.
#. Select one of the partners defined on product_assortment.
#. Add products defined on the product assortment.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

* Allow to use the domain field of the product_assortment for filter the allowed products of any partner.
* This module not compatible with sale_product_configurator. If you have it installed, a glue module will be needed to be developped adding the allowed templates and adding the domain over the template field.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_order_product_assortment%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Tecnativa

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`_:

  * Carlos Roca
  * Sergio Teruel
  * Carolina Fernandez

* `Ooops404 <https://www.ooops404.com>`_:

  * Ilyas

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-CarlosRoca13| image:: https://github.com/CarlosRoca13.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/CarlosRoca13
    :alt: CarlosRoca13

Current `maintainer <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-CarlosRoca13| 

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_order_product_assortment>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
