sale_product_set/README.rst, before:

================
Sale product set
================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/15.0/sale_product_set
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-15-0/sale-workflow-15-0-sale_product_set
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/167/15.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

A **product set** is a list of products which end customers aren't aware, this
list is defined by sales manager.

This module aims to help salesman to quickly create several sale order lines
at once in a quotation.

After a *product set* is added to the sale order, each line can be updated or
removed as any other sale order lines.

This differs from packing products as you don't follow *product set*
are not linked to sale order lines once they are added.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Define a *product set* as sale manager:
    - choose products
    - for each products, define a quantity.
    - for each products (if Discounts setting is active), define a discount or leave default value
    - Sort *set* lines, this order will be the default when added into the
      quotation

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sale_product_set/static/description/product_set.png
    :alt: Set a product set

* On quotation any salesman can click on "Add set" button
  which will open wizard where users can chose a *product set* and quantity
  to add at the end of sale order lines. Order defined in *product set* is
  preserved in sale order.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sale_product_set/static/description/add_set.png
    :alt: Add set to sale order

* Then you can remove or update added lines as any other sale order lines.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sale_product_set/static/description/sale_order.png
    :alt: Sale order

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_product_set%0Aversion:%2015.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Anybox

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Clovis Nzouendjou <clovis@anybox.fr>
* Pierre Verkest <pverkest@anybox.fr>
* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Souheil Bejaoui <souheil.bejaoui@acsone.eu>
* Adria Gil Sorribes <adria.gil@forgeflow.com>
* Phuc (Tran Thanh) <phuc@trobz.com>
* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/15.0/sale_product_set>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

Split into product-attribute/product_set and sale_product_set
[UPD] Update sale_product_set.pot

[UPD] README.rst

Update translation files

Updated by "Update PO files to match POT (msgmerge)" hook in Weblate.

Translation: sale-workflow-16.0/sale-workflow-16.0-sale_product_set
Translate-URL: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_product_set/

Update translation files

Updated by "Update PO files to match POT (msgmerge)" hook in Weblate.

Translation: sale-workflow-16.0/sale-workflow-16.0-sale_product_set
Translate-URL: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_product_set/

Translated using Weblate (Spanish)

Currently translated at 100.0% (23 of 23 strings)

Translation: sale-workflow-16.0/sale-workflow-16.0-sale_product_set
Translate-URL: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_product_set/es/

[UPD] README.rst

sale_product_set/README.rst, after:

================
Sale product set
================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:c0765906a7aa91f7078dd7b386d154fc82c84568c6b6f21c45f81a4b41c25c33
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsale--workflow-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_product_set
    :alt: OCA/sale-workflow
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/sale-workflow-16-0/sale-workflow-16-0-sale_product_set
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/sale-workflow&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

A **product set** is a list of products which end customers aren't aware, this
list is defined by sales manager.

This module aims to help salesman to quickly create several sale order lines
at once in a quotation.

After a *product set* is added to the sale order, each line can be updated or
removed as any other sale order lines.

This differs from packing products as you don't follow *product set*
are not linked to sale order lines once they are added.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

* Define a *product set* as sale manager:
    - choose products
    - for each products, define a quantity.
    - for each products (if Discounts setting is active), define a discount or leave default value
    - Sort *set* lines, this order will be the default when added into the
      quotation

* Then you can remove or update added lines as any other sale order lines.

.. image:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/sale_product_set/static/description/sale_order.png
    :alt: Sale order

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/issues/new?body=module:%20sale_product_set%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Anybox

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Clovis Nzouendjou <clovis@anybox.fr>
* Pierre Verkest <pverkest@anybox.fr>
* Denis Leemann <denis.leemann@camptocamp.com>
* Simone Orsi <simone.orsi@camptocamp.com>
* Souheil Bejaoui <souheil.bejaoui@acsone.eu>
* Adria Gil Sorribes <adria.gil@forgeflow.com>
* Phuc (Tran Thanh) <phuc@trobz.com>
* Manuel Regidor <manuel.regidor@sygel.es>

Other credits
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The development of this module has been financially supported by:

* Camptocamp

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/sale-workflow <https://github.com/OCA/sale-workflow/tree/16.0/sale_product_set>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
